[stories/US358637] Update .NET SDK with API paging changes (#39) (#41)
proknow/proknow-sdk-dotnet: docs/releaseHistory.md

All releases in the v0.x.x series are subject to breaking changes from one version to another.  After the release of v1.0.0, this project will be subject to [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/).

## v0.3.0

*Enhancements*

- Updated the `Patients.query` route to reflect changes to the v2.0.1.0 version of the ProKnow API to return all patients.

> 

Reviewer: Add a comment about the change to permissions

All releases in the v0.x.x series are subject to breaking changes from one version to another.  After the release of v1.0.0, this project will be subject to [semantic versioning](http://semver.org/).

## v0.3.0

*Enhancements*

- Updated the `Patients.query` route to reflect changes to the v2.0.1.0 version of the ProKnow API to return all patients.

> - Updated the Permissions to remove the Download Patient DICOM permission and add the Update Organizations Permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `ProKnow.Role.Permissions` class to remove the `CanDownloadPatientDICOM` boolean property and added the CanUpdateOrganizations property.

```

> - Updated the `ProKnow.Role.Permissions` class to remove the `CanDownloadPatientDICOM` boolean property and added the CanUpdateOrganizations property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `ProKnow.Role.Permissions` class to remove the `CanDownloadPatientDICOM` boolean property and added the `CanUpdateOrganizations` property.

```
